of the total number of vehicles that were in Africa
since he does not stay
the largest store in the optics of southern brazil
questions about how the contest closes tomorrow
it takes attitude
then the patio that is technical in a land exchange that also with today
It is also technical and
months
will talk about the step
and other important tips for the pathetic thank you very much
At first we are going to talk about the reef saying this way is not this
well balanced is exactly the same as the high moral period if you have not
well balanced does not work right so you see I have a propeller that
come to fix it is totally damaged she got black the land
engine is turned to the rear.
that was already wrapped up looked like this
then you will see well since he has and we love clicking here, by the way.
is the right name the club that is that the more you return to the oven but not
quick the boat and temper then reported well told me even more you
should wax beja midfielder and tell you if you should quit mc
beautiful gets the lesson that you will not happen automatically the engine
power that you have with the fuel name another detail all
parties should be with equal I say left and balanced exactly equal to one
so comfortable period
if you do not balance see the ipi context of the whole car
milestone on the same thing does not change anything this is an aluminum herbicide now for
motors of more power marjah we leave port lc of stainless steel
this is the one that was repaired by the square so she hit a stone I
I think roma paper with the cpi left it ready, it's already forbidden already
with the right field she is already with all peace baishi balanced this is
a propeller of notes on day 11 always high performance is for big engines
there are also
the four legs
well I always start from the next principle too if the stb is too
damaged sometimes it pays to buy a new one but is usually repaired and
this repair comes out much cheaper than buying a new one and just like prass said
with r7 is of fundamental importance so that you have nothing to do with
security and tranquility that the entity results in the torture of the
difference in navigation may even harm the port beyond giving
after the Senate fisheries on the subject
and I also had it here.
for those who do not have to lose if they do not have the redeemer
a monetary policy scene
just access another 40 because it has name is called against the victory and this
culture that does not let enter the box the promoter box
is automatically performing preventive maintenance
will understand
from the beginning said
in certain states
the other half
always going to put the small one but as you will never step on the floor at
memory reconstruction
One more tip Penalty Penalty on the phone Address for anyone who wants to know
more or will compensate
in terms of imports only a contraction of 3 3 2 98 8 3 1
I believe the 71 problem deliverance
and if you have some time
Come here. I'm trying to get to know you. I'll explain.
you, what I can
and we can exchange networks to take all your doubts this will not
cost nothing
this is it here comes to resume dynamic fishing recommended only time
but the one recommended by psdb that would come from psd in the technical commission a 'workshop
political confidence and now I can go back with the fishery and bet
we are going to talk about another very important subject of zé dirceu
step today to leave in this extreme case of 24 know that the fans
do not notice anything
Let's go fishing.
and thus end the program on another case in Libya months